feat(FI-967) refactor Ledgers and tokens documentation (#1954)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/ledger/index.md

An account owner may control more than one account. In this case, each account corresponds to a pair (account_owner, sub_account). The sub-account is an optional bitstring which helps distinguish between the different sub-accounts of the same owner.

An account on the ledger is identified by its `AccountIdentifier`, which is derived from the principal ID and sub-account identifier.

In this context, you can think of principal identifiers as a rough equivalent to the hash of a user’s public key for Bitcoin or Ethereum. You use the corresponding secret key to sign messages and therefore authenticate to the ledger canister and operate on the principal’s account. Canisters can also have accounts in the ledger canister, in which case the address is derived from the canister’s principal.

The ledger canister is initialized using administrative operations that are internal to the Internet Computer. As part of the initialization process, the canister is created with the set of accounts and associated ICP token balances.

> :::info Why does the ledger use AccountIdentifiers and not just Principal IDs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Why does the ledger use `AccountIdentifier`s and not just Principal IDs?
```

-   Tokens are entirely fungible.

> -   `AccountIdentifiers` are 32 bytes and are roughly the equivalent of the hash of a public key, optionally together with some additional sub-account specifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `AccountIdentifier`s are 32 bytes and are roughly the equivalent of the hash of a public key, optionally together with some additional sub-account specifier.
```
